README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Mikiyas Sahilu

**AI/ML Engineer | Full-Stack Developer | Mobile Game Developer**  

📫 Contact: [mickeysahilu@gmail.com](mailto:mickeysahilu@gmail.com)  

---

## 🌐 About Me

I’m a versatile engineer working across **Game Development, AI/Machine Learning, and Full-Stack Development**.  
I focus on building **interactive experiences, intelligent systems, and end-to-end applications**.  

My goal is to create **immersive games, smart AI-driven tools, and scalable web applications**, while maintaining **clean code, performance, and UX excellence**.  

---

### 🎮 Game Development
From designing core mechanics to programming complex AI behavior for NPCs, I bring games to life with immersive experiences. My expertise spans physics systems, procedural content generation, level design, and crafting intuitive UI/UX. I optimize gameplay performance, implement multiplayer features using Photon and Firebase, and ensure assets are integrated efficiently for smooth performance. Working on collaborative projects, I have honed my teamwork, problem-solving, and iterative design skills, always aiming to create engaging and memorable player experiences.

### 🤖 AI / Machine Learning
I engineer intelligent systems using Python, TensorFlow, PyTorch, and JavaScript integrations for AI-powered applications. My experience covers machine learning, deep learning, NLP, computer vision, and reinforcement learning, enabling me to build models that learn, adapt, and interact seamlessly. I design APIs with FastAPI, handle data pipelines, optimize models, and create AI-driven automation tools. Experienced in teamwork and research-driven development, I focus on building robust and scalable AI solutions that make an impact in real-world applications.

### 🌐 Full-Stack Development
I craft modern, scalable web applications using React, Next.js, Vue, Angular, HTML5, CSS3, Tailwind CSS, and Flutter. On the backend, I specialize in Node.js, Express.js, Django, Flask, FastAPI, RESTful APIs, and real-time communication with WebSockets. I handle databases like MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Redis, and SQLite, ensuring secure, efficient, and maintainable systems. From authentication and security best practices to cloud deployment and CI/CD pipelines, I build end-to-end solutions that are performant, responsive, and user-centric. Collaboration, clean architecture, and continuous learning are at the heart of my full-stack approach.

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack & Tools

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=flat-square&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=flat-square&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-4FC08D?style=flat-square&logo=vue.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=flat-square&logo=angular&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=flat-square&logo=express&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=flat-square&logo=django&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=flat-square&logo=flask&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-4169E1?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?style=flat-square&logo=redis&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-003B57?style=flat-square&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat-square&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity-000000?style=flat-square&logo=unity&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Unreal%20Engine-0E1128?style=flat-square&logo=unreal-engine&logoColor=white" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat-square&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat-square&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=flat-square&logo=opencv&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=flat-square&logo=numpy&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=flat-square&logo=pandas&logoColor=white" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=flat-square&logo=firebase&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Photon-FF0033?style=flat-square&logo=unity&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

### 🧠 Cross-Domain Skills

✅ Clean, maintainable code<br>
🏗️ System architecture & scalability<br>
🧩 Problem solving & algorithmic thinking<br>
⚡ Performance optimization<br>
🔒 Security awareness<br>
🎨 UX-conscious development<br>
🤝 Collaboration & version control<br>
📚 Continuous learning mindset

---

### ⚡ Let’s Build Amazing Things Together!

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://t.me/Sahilumike"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-26A5E4?style=flat-square&logo=telegram&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/YourLinkedInUsername"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/sahilu_mike"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=flat-square&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Add portfolio section to README
Added a section to showcase projects and portfolio.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Mikiyas Sahilu

**AI/ML Engineer | Full-Stack Developer | Mobile Game Developer**  

📫 Contact: [mickeysahilu@gmail.com](mailto:mickeysahilu@gmail.com)  

---

## 🌐 About Me

I’m a versatile engineer working across **Game Development, AI/Machine Learning, and Full-Stack Development**.  
I focus on building **interactive experiences, intelligent systems, and end-to-end applications**.  

My goal is to create **immersive games, smart AI-driven tools, and scalable web applications**, while maintaining **clean code, performance, and UX excellence**.  

---

### 🎮 Game Development
From designing core mechanics to programming complex AI behavior for NPCs, I bring games to life with immersive experiences. My expertise spans physics systems, procedural content generation, level design, and crafting intuitive UI/UX. I optimize gameplay performance, implement multiplayer features using Photon and Firebase, and ensure assets are integrated efficiently for smooth performance. Working on collaborative projects, I have honed my teamwork, problem-solving, and iterative design skills, always aiming to create engaging and memorable player experiences.

### 🤖 AI / Machine Learning
I engineer intelligent systems using Python, TensorFlow, PyTorch, and JavaScript integrations for AI-powered applications. My experience covers machine learning, deep learning, NLP, computer vision, and reinforcement learning, enabling me to build models that learn, adapt, and interact seamlessly. I design APIs with FastAPI, handle data pipelines, optimize models, and create AI-driven automation tools. Experienced in teamwork and research-driven development, I focus on building robust and scalable AI solutions that make an impact in real-world applications.

### 🌐 Full-Stack Development
I craft modern, scalable web applications using React, Next.js, Vue, Angular, HTML5, CSS3, Tailwind CSS, and Flutter. On the backend, I specialize in Node.js, Express.js, Django, Flask, FastAPI, RESTful APIs, and real-time communication with WebSockets. I handle databases like MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Redis, and SQLite, ensuring secure, efficient, and maintainable systems. From authentication and security best practices to cloud deployment and CI/CD pipelines, I build end-to-end solutions that are performant, responsive, and user-centric. Collaboration, clean architecture, and continuous learning are at the heart of my full-stack approach.

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack & Tools

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=flat-square&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=flat-square&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-4FC08D?style=flat-square&logo=vue.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=flat-square&logo=angular&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=flat-square&logo=express&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=flat-square&logo=django&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=flat-square&logo=flask&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-4169E1?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?style=flat-square&logo=redis&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-003B57?style=flat-square&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat-square&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity-000000?style=flat-square&logo=unity&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Unreal%20Engine-0E1128?style=flat-square&logo=unreal-engine&logoColor=white" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat-square&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat-square&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=flat-square&logo=opencv&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=flat-square&logo=numpy&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=flat-square&logo=pandas&logoColor=white" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=flat-square&logo=firebase&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Photon-FF0033?style=flat-square&logo=unity&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

### 🧠 Cross-Domain Skills

✅ Clean, maintainable code<br>
🏗️ System architecture & scalability<br>
🧩 Problem solving & algorithmic thinking<br>
⚡ Performance optimization<br>
🔒 Security awareness<br>
🎨 UX-conscious development<br>
🤝 Collaboration & version control<br>
📚 Continuous learning mindset

---

## 💼 My Works

Check out some of my projects and portfolio on my website:  
🌐 [Visit My Portfolio](https://your-portfolio-website.com)  

---

### ⚡ Let’s Build Amazing Things Together!

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://t.me/Sahilumike"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-26A5E4?style=flat-square&logo=telegram&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/YourLinkedInUsername"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/sahilu_mike"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=flat-square&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>
